coachella is a one-week co-op program
where we solve key business problems
using best practices principles of d4d
that's designed for flight lean starred
in and coach am you're trying to
understand your action reduces our coops
work in teams and yes they do work on
real work stuff they actually are given
a specific problem and it's really a big
business problem that they are trying to
solve in a week's time my name is Wade
fuller I got a Rochester Institute of
Technology and I study management
information systems and then we have a
range of premium which is a number we
had a lot of information coming at us
and some of it I've heard before and
others I was brand new for me the
opportunity for them to work on a
problem that's a wide-ranging impacting
all kinds of really scary decisions
gives them great chances to develop much
deeper understanding of the customer and
gives them such a hard problem that
they're bound to exercise their own
skills as coders as product managers as
developers and designers
since tearing up somebody's values in
you oh dear meeting with real customers
is something that I had never been able
to do before being able to meet with
them and actually ask them what do you
think about this and and how what do you
expect to happen next that helped us
form our solution completely you may
have worked in a group on a project
before but here what you're doing is
you're building something for a customer
that we're actually going to use we're
actually going to take what you develop
and put it in the product we say that we
teach you how to be a startup and that
all of the skills and experience you're
going to come out of from this is going
to set you up whether you come back to
intuit or start something on your own
the reason the mobile aspect is relevant
is because presenting in front of judge
and judges it capped off the whole week
and said this actually meant something
and to actually see that our solution is
going to be implemented into the
business in some way was very gratified
coachella definitely sets into it apart
in terms of a hole co-op experience
you've never experienced anything like
this
you